{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 What is the Survey Plugin?\

\b0 \
The Survey plugin is primarily used for helping diagnose or identifying issues with the Indigo device network.  The plugin will send a \'93ping\'94 out to each device on the network and track how long it takes the device to respond.  These metrics can help identify devices that are slow to respond, or responding erratically.\

\b \
Installation
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Open the "Add to Plugin Directory", and Double click on the Survey2.indigoPlugin file.  Indigo will prompt you to install the plugin or upgrade any existing plugin.  If Indigo does not prompt you, please upgrade to the latest version, or Open the "Add to Plugin Directory" folder, and take the Thermostat.indigoPlugin and place it into /Library/Application Support/Perceptive Automation/Indigo 6/Plugins\
{\listtext	2.	}Restart the Indigo 6 Server\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Basic Usage:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}From the Plugin Menu, choose the Survey Plugin, and choose How many Passes to run.  \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Each Pass is a complete examination of all Insteon devices.  So the more passes (and more devices you have) the longer it will take to process the report.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}While the report is running Indigo maybe slower to respond to other Home Automation requests.  While I have written the software to allow Indigo to process other requests, it is a good idea to run the survey\'92s when the system is reasonably idle.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Survey\'92s will be stored in ~/Documents/Surveys, and can be deleted, or preserved as required.\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}
\f2\b\fs24 This plugin currently supports all Insteon devices that support the Insteon StatusRequest command.
\b0   Generally that means that any battery powered Insteon device will not be tested with this plugin.
\f0\fs28 \
\
Once the report is done, Indigo will open a web browser that contains the results of the survey.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The Plugin does not have a Web Interface.\
\

\b Support:\
\

\b0 For issues or questions, please contact Benjamin@schollnick.net.\

\b \
Donations:\

\b0 \
To help fund the continued development of this plugin...  Please consider donating. \
\
At this time my software is free, including the Indigo Web Plugin\'92s and attachment scripts\'85\
\
But the cost to make the plugins and other software is not cheap.  Not to mention the additional cost of\
keeping current in the Home Automation field, and research, etc\'85\
\
Some of the users of my software has asked about making Donations\'85  So, here\'92s the plan:\
\
If you want your donation to be payment for a software package, please write it down in the donation\'92s \
comments.  Otherwise the donation will go towards paying for Web Hosting.  Anyone that indicates that\
they wish to be credited for a donation, will be listed as a donor, either on the website and/or \
software plugin (if the user was donating to a specific plugin).\
\
To Donate, please go to http://www.schollnick.net/wordpress/about/donations/   and click on the\
donate icon.\
}